feat(VPC): vpc resource support secondary_cidr attribute (#3815)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/vpc.md

  no more than 255 characters and cannot contain angle brackets (< or >).

* `tags` - The key/value pairs to associate with the VPC.

> * `secondary_cidr` - The secondary CIDR block of the VPC.

Reviewer: please use **secondary_cidrs** for the list.
```suggestion
* `secondary_cidrs` - The secondary CIDR blocks of the VPC.
```
